# CS-340

* How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
   - Utilizing simple yet meaningful names for variables, using in-line comments, and ensuring your code can continue to utilize what is needed. Although my CRUD file was nt perfect, this really helped to keep my ipynb file from being overly cluttered. The CRUD file could be used to utilize other types of databases in the future. For example, a business analysist could possibly utilize the CRUD file to sort through their data file(s) and present them to the team.
* How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
   - I struggled with this project. I looked into so many tutorials for the dash widgets along with looking around of StackOverflow and the provided resources but still had a hard time understanding how to fully get the dashboard running. In the future I would like to have a better way of testing different methods.
* What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
   - Computer Scientists design, create and analyze the code of programs. These programs are then used to solve a variety of issues. In Grazioso Salvare's case it was to provide a way to better present specific data to the user based on a selection they made.
